Goals
You are provided with a list of facilities and covenants, as well as a stream of loans that we would like to fund with those facilities.
Your task is to write a program that consumes loans from the stream and assigns each loan to a
facility while respecting each facility’s covenants.

Input
An input data set will consist of four CSV files, describing the facilities, banks, covenants, and loans, respectively.
These files are described in the following sections. You will be given two data sets, a small data set (in the folder ‘small’)
for manually verifying your understanding of the problem, along with a large data set (in the folder ‘large’) f
or more rigorously stress-testing your program. The folder ‘small’ will also contain the solution files ‘assignments.csv’ and ‘yields.csv’.
Note that for convenience, the code to read the files and create repository classes has been already added and you can simply use the *Repo classes
Do look at the Repo classes to understand how file reading happens and the abstract class-concrete class structure used.

facilities.csv
Each row in this file describes a single facility.

covenants.csv
Each row in this denormalized file represents at least one covenant that we have with a bank.
If a row contains both a max_default_likelihood and a banned_state , they should be treated as separate covenants.

Calculating Loan Yields
The expected yield of a loan funded by a facility is the amount of interest that we expect to earn from the loan
(taking into account the chance of a default), minus the expected loss from a default, minus the interest that we pay to to
the bank to use their facility:

expected_yield =
(1 – default_likelihood) * loan_interest_rate * amount
– default_likelihood * amount
– facility_interest_rate * amount

Guarantees
Following are some assumptions and guarantees:
1. We can fund all the loans by processing them in the order that they are received
and assigning each loan to the cheapest facility that can accommodate that loan legally
(i.e. satisfying all the required covenants and not exceeding the facility’s capacity).
Note: depending on your ordering of facilities with equal interest rate, you may be unable to
assign the last loan (#425) of the large data set. This is OK.
2. The expected yield of funding any loan with any facility is always nonnegative.
Deliverables Your program should consume the input data and attempt to fund each loan with a facility.
Unfunded loans are ignored by our system — they will earn no interest, nor will they lose money if they default.
Your program should be streaming , meaning it that it should process loans in the order that they are received
and not use future loans to determine how the current loan should be funded.


Your program should produce output files: assignments.csv
Each row in this file describes a loan assignment.


